# AWS Overview Notes
> What Is Cloud Computing?

Cloud computing is the on-demand delivery of compute power, database storage, applications, and other IT resources through a cloud services platform via the internet with pay-as-you-go pricing.
Six Advantages and Benefits of Cloud Computing

    - Trade capital expenses for variable expense
    - Benefit from massive economies of scale
    - Stop guessing capacity
    - Increase speed and agility
    - Stop spending money on running and maintaining data centers
    - Go global in minutes

- Additional information is available at: https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-cloud-computing/.
Deployment Models

There is a range of deployment models, from all on-premises to fully deployed in the cloud. Many users begin with a new project in the cloud, and they might integrate some on-premises applications with these new projects in a hybrid architecture. They might decide to keep some legacy systems on-premises. Over time, they might migrate more and more of their infrastructure to the cloud, and they might eventually reach an all-in-the-cloud deployment.

Details can be found at: https://aws.amazon.com/types-of-cloud-computing/.
Products and Services

AWS offers a broad set of global cloud-based products, including compute, storage, databases, analytics, networking, mobile, developer tools, management tools, Internet of Things (IoT), security, and enterprise applications.

Details can be found at: https://aws.amazon.com/products/.
AWS Partner Network (APN)

**APN** Partners are focused on your success, and they help customers take full advantage of all the business benefits that AWS has to offer.

More details about accessing the AWS Partner Network--or becoming an AWS Partner--can be found at: https://aws.amazon.com/partners/.
AWS Marketplace

The AWS Marketplace is a digital catalog with thousands of software listings from independent software vendors, where you can find, test, buy, and deploy software to run on AWS.

These offerings can range from simple web server applications to security, networking business intelligence, databases, DevOps, and media. Many of these applications offer pay-as-you-go or Bring Your Own License (BYOL) models.

Details on the AWS Marketplace can be found at: https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace.